this is a 1940 Buick Special Club coupe
as you can see the hood is raised on
both sides that was a common way of
racing hoods back in this time
the engine is overhead-valve eight
cylinder
well bath air cleaner as you can see
there is the latch that opens that side
of the hood there you can see it says
pulled out running board wide white
walls trim rings very nice flat
windshield at this point and spotlight
very large fender skirts very large
and looking inside a very deluxe
steering wheel
they engine turned - copper color very
nice steering wheel banjo style with the
horn ring
there's a clock over there in the glove
box store the upholstery looks brand-new
now by the gearshifts right under that
is the turn signal lever which is on the
right hand side of the steering column
Buick was one of the first to have the
turn signal and they had started it on
the right-hand side of the column there
is the back seat not an awful lot of
room
now I don't show it on this car but
there is a light above the license plate
I didn't want to get the license plate
in the video so I didn't video it but
it's broken into two segments a left and
a right and says Buick and eight and
left side with light when the turn
signal was indicating a left turn left
hand turned the right hand right side
with light when it was a right-hand turn
there he just got a client's of it there
for a second
side view of it there's these side back
windows they ratcheted open
knob there and you pushed it back and
forth to ratchet the window open this
car has radio and I do believe push
button type and it has the station's
marked on the push buttons there you
have the indication 1940 model 40 which
was a special
an advanced motor for its time
and there was the open kal vent that you
saw and this car has the driving lights
and the signal lights are above the of
the headlights